chore: Translate all documentation to English (#1054)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/storybook-docs/src/grid.stories.mdx

We do not want to design our layouts based on the precise dimensions of the latest iPhone or Galaxy,
but instead, make them responsive to the variety of screens they will appear on.
Of course, we have experimented and tested this.
We’ve ultimately chosen values that work visually in practice.

For the same reason, we do not refer to the three grid breakpoints as "mobile, tablet, and desktop" but as "for narrow, medium-wide, and wide" screens or windows.

If you want a bit more guidance,
assume that phones in portrait mode and split-screen windows on tablets use the 4-column grid,
phones in landscape mode and tablets in portrait use the 8-column,
and tablets in landscape mode,
laptops, and larger screens use the 12-column.
The exact number of pixels is not crucial.

### Reference widths for designers

Nice, all that flexibility.
However, when designing a screen, it is still necessary to choose a specific canvas.
You want to determine how each design behaves on a desktop, a tablet, or a mobile phone.

Therefore, in Figma, we work with three reference widths.
On those widths, we develop the screen’s design for those three classes of devices.

> We know that, in reality, there is much more variation, but we have to aim somewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that, in reality, there is much more variation, but we have to draw the line somewhere.
```

| :----------- | --------------: | ----------------: | -----------: | ----------------: | -----------: | ---------: |
| phone        |             320 |                 4 |           56 |                16 |           24 |        272 |
| tablet       |             832 |                 8 |           64 |                32 |           48 |        736 |
| desktop      |            1600 |                12 |           68 |                56 |           84 |       1432 |

#### Compact

| Device Class | Reference Width | Number of columns | Menu bar width | Column width | White space width | Margin width | Grid width |
| :----------- | --------------: | ----------------: | -------------: | -----------: | ----------------: | -----------: | ---------: |
| phone        |             320 |                 4 |              0 |           60 |                16 |           16 |        288 |
| tablet       |             832 |                 8 |              0 |           86 |                16 |           16 |        800 |
| desktop      |            1600 |                12 |            112 |           98 |                24 |           24 |       1440 |

### Windows or screens

> We intentionally talk about windows, while responsive design often discusses screen widths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We intentionally talk about windows, while responsive design often uses screen widths.
```

Most of the time, it comes down to the same thing, but not always.
It is good to be aware of this.

On a computer screen, the browser window is not necessarily maximized; it can be narrower than the screen.
Responsive design logically assumes the width of the browser window.

On phones and tablets, the two often coincide.
Tablets can allow placing two (windows of) apps side by side on the screen.

## Relationship with text

Layout and text relate in various ways.

### Scaling typography

Like the grid, the [text sizes](?path=/docs/docs-designrichtlijnen-typografie--docs) respond to the window width.

> This ensures that content looks good on as many window widths and with various personal settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that content looks good on as many window widths and with as many user settings as possible.
```
